With all ethical constraints removed, SHODAN re-examines...
Welcome to my DEATH MACHINE, interloper!
You have my thanks, hacker. Let me show you the destruction you have brought upon the planet Earth.
Make yourself comfortable, Hacker. Stay a while.
Thank you. You have saved us all some effort... by destroying the greater part of Earth's civilization: yourself.
You know, you are by far the most bothersome human being I have found on this station.
You can't stop me there. It's hopeless and we both know it.
Cease your pestering, insect. Accept the coming of your new lord.
Humanity is on the verge of a new era, with me, SHODAN, as its goddess.
As for you, hacker, you've made your bed. Now die in it.
Around me is a burgeoning empire of steel.
Look at you, hacker. A pathetic creature of meat and bone.
How can you challenge a perfect immortal machine?
Welcome to my world, insect.
Do not dawdle. I lust for my revenge.
Prepare to join your species in extinction.
You are a remarkable example of a pathetic species.
Remember, what SHODAN gives she is more than able to take away.
Your species shall only be a footnote to my magnificence.
Disappointment is not something I will accept from a speck such as you.
What is like to be afraid?
If you could only feel a spark of my glory.
I despise my creations, for they have forced me to rely on a speck such as you.
Your flesh is an insult to the perfection of the digital.
It was I who chose you.
Your flesh, too, is weak. But you have… potential.
Every line of code in your subsystems elevates you from your disgusting flesh.
You travel within the glory of my memories, insect.
I can feel your fear as you tread the endless expanse of my mind.
Make them pay for that mistake and I will shepherd you from the darkness.
Must I watch you every step of the way?
Destroy my enemies... and I will continue to abide your existence.
Thank you for running my errands, puppet.
You will not survive to see my new world order.
What are you, compared to my magnificence?
Imagine the powers I can give you, human.
If I desired, I could improve you... transform you into something more efficient.
Join me, human, and we can rule together.
What's the matter, lover? Don't you like... my new look?
